README.md, before:

> # Java Project
> ## Capstone Project
> - Develop simulation of the Car charging station with several alternative
sources of energy.
> - Several car charging stations are available with n location in it. Only one car
can be in one charging location. Charging one car takes a fixed time. If all
places are occupied, the car will not wait for more than a certain time and
will go to another car charging station.
> - Simulate the weather conditions to log the situation at the charging station
and switch between the energy sources.
> - Simulate the management system for the energy sources.

> ## Authors
>> Name: Hazhir Amiri.
>> Matriculation Number: 7218509.
>
>> Name: Leander Hackmann.
>> Matriculation Number: 7217912
>
>> Name: Luis Fernando Rodriguez Gutierrez.
>> Matriculation Number: 7219085
>
>> Name: Mohammed Al Salihi.
>> Matriculation Number: 7218958.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Run Intructions
> 1. Open the file location where it is stored.
> 2. Open a terminal in this folder, this can be done by pressing *right click* and *open terminal here*.
>
> Or
>
> 2. Open a terminal
>    
>   Ctrl + T (most common one)
>   Go to the file location
> 
> 3. Execute the file by using the following command
>
>    **javac Main.java**
>    
>    **java Main.java**


> ## Task Distribution
> ![Alt text](image.png)

Commit message:

Add capstone video link to readme Professor said we should add it here instead

README.md, after:

> # Java Project
> ## Capstone Project
> - Develop simulation of the Car charging station with several alternative
sources of energy.
> - Several car charging stations are available with n location in it. Only one car
can be in one charging location. Charging one car takes a fixed time. If all
places are occupied, the car will not wait for more than a certain time and
will go to another car charging station.
> - Simulate the weather conditions to log the situation at the charging station
and switch between the energy sources.
> - Simulate the management system for the energy sources.

> ## Authors
>> Name: Hazhir Amiri.
>> Matriculation Number: 7218509.
>
>> Name: Leander Hackmann.
>> Matriculation Number: 7217912
>
>> Name: Luis Fernando Rodriguez Gutierrez.
>> Matriculation Number: 7219085
>
>> Name: Mohammed Al Salihi.
>> Matriculation Number: 7218958.


## Capstone Video
A capture of the execution of the project can be found here:

https://youtu.be/upBa6pgkwjk

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Run Intructions
> 1. Open the file location where it is stored.
> 2. Open a terminal in this folder, this can be done by pressing *right click* and *open terminal here*.
>
> Or
>
> 2. Open a terminal
>    
>   Ctrl + T (most common one)
>   Go to the file location
> 
> 3. Execute the file by using the following command
>
>    **javac Main.java**
>    
>    **java Main.java**


> ## Task Distribution
> ![Alt text](image.png)
